>> Jen Kramer: What went well,
what seemed to work okay, and or
where did you get stuck?
>> Speaker 2: I had some
little margin problems.
>> Jen Kramer: You had
some margin problems?
>> Speaker 2: That I had
just kinda turn around.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: And the only difference
I can see between our two pages is
the testimonials goes up and
down just a little bit.
>> Jen Kramer: Just a tiny little bit.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Jen Kramer: If we had infinite time,
we could tweak until perfection, right?
Yeah, okay,
I'm not gonna worry about that,
that the testimonials are a little higher
or a little lower depending, okay?
How about everybody else?
>> Speaker 3: Same.
[LAUGH]
>> Jen Kramer: Same,
it's basically just the testimonials and
where they fit in the space?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
in relation to the inside of the text.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
that in relation to the text?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Jen Kramer: Fair enough, okay, so
I tend not to be that much
of a perfectionist and
sort of let things like that go.
Obviously, if you had lots of
design time remaining with this, so
you would sit there and tweak away.
But I question how much you're
actually gonna learn by doing that.
[LAUGH] So I'll show you my answer here
which is what you can follow along
here in the end folder.
So if you look in the end folder,
this is what my solution look like.
So I had some things going on here.
I have a class here.
I've left the rows in place.
The ul of the navigation,
I gave it a class of full-width.
So I created a new class
called full-width.
Because what I found with the row that
I had existing, it didn't stretch quite
all the way across and I think I had a
little bit of a gap on either side, right?
A little 4% margin gap,
it wasn't lining up well as I recall
when I put the solution together.
So I created a class to get
around that particular problem.
The thing that's really notable here for
me is the way that I handle
the sidebar over here.
So of course, the main content of this
has got an article with a class of col-3.
That's no different than what we've
already looked at with the grid system
that we prototyped.
But here with my sidebar,
what I wound up doing
was this div, I put a div around the side
or maybe that was already there.
But I've changed its classes so
that it's both a flex item and a flex row.
[LAUGH] See how I do that?
So I have the flex item, the col-1-4.
And it's also a row and
this sides become the flex items.
So basically, I have a little bit
of a nested grid going on here.
Does that make sense?
Okay, so then if we take a look at the CSS
associated with that particular piece,
cuz I think that's the one sort of area
that had a level of difficulty to this.
Is that fair to say?
Pretty much everything else was pretty
straightforward on this example.
So let's look at the CSS and
how I dealt with that.
I'll start down here at the desktop.
>> Jen Kramer: So at the desktop,
>> Jen Kramer: I have a flex
item that's the sidebar with 100% width,
okay?
So instead of it being 92% that
had a margin on either side,
it didn't really want that in this case.
So I give it a flex-basis of 100%.
In the tablet portion of this,
I added that,
that the flex-basis was going to be 44%,
okay?
>> Jen Kramer: And then,
up here in the mobile styles,
outside of the media queries,
I have a flex-basis of 100%.
And I added a bit of
margin with this as well.
Okay, so then, when you display the page,
>> Jen Kramer: Then,
>> Jen Kramer: We shrink it down,
we hit our breakpoint, then I wind up
with my two boxes underneath like this.
And then everything should stack
on top of each other at some point
in time like that.
And I put in some extra padding here,
because I thought it looked nicer, and
you know, stuff like that,
little design considerations.
Does that make sense to everybody?
What I did and why?
Do we have anybody else who did
a different approach who'd like to share?
I'm not saying I have a lock on
the perfect way of doing this, or
even the only way of doing it.
>> Speaker 4: My said she used your,
col-classes, and then used flex with it.
>> Jen Kramer: Correct, yes, absolutely,
you could use the same classes that were
already there from the floats, and you
just repurpose them all to be flex-box.
You get rid of the float part,
you get rid of the width part, and
then replace those with
the appropriate flex properties.
That's definitely a way of doing that.
>> Speaker 4: What happened
with the pizza image?
>> Jen Kramer: With the pizza image.
>> Speaker 3: It's a trick question.
>> Speaker 5: It had breaks on the lower.
>> Jen Kramer: You mean the pie
of the month down here?
>> Speaker 5: Yeah.
>> Jen Kramer: Is that
what we're talking about?
The pie of the month?
>> Speaker 4: When you
shrink the viewport.
>> Jen Kramer: Which of course
is pie day pie, ha ha ha.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah, the pie.
>> Jen Kramer: These are all
numbers all over it.
So when you shrink it,
what's going on with this?
Is that the question?
>> Speaker 3: Only at the image.
>> Jen Kramer: So yeah, so since this
is flex-box, the boxes are stretching.
The testimonial box is stretching
to accommodate the content here.
So of course, the pie box here
is also going to stretch, right?
The border's gonna stretch, but
of course, the image is not.
So that's what's going on here.
Does that help?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah, I think so.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, and
>> Jen Kramer: Let's
put it to this dimension here.
So you'll notice that we have this
space over here on the side as well
that comes from,
I had a style in here that locked down.
It might have been
outside the media query.
That locked down this,
the maximum size of those images to 225 or
250 pixels, did sort of a hack.
>> Jen Kramer: Search for it.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, okay, that's one of
them, that's the article image, and yeah,
so here's the sidebar images.
And you see here that I've
rounded some of the corners,
width of 100%, but
a max width of 250 pixels.
And so this is a hack for leads
beautifully until a chapter from now.
So this is a hack to make the images scale
as we make the page larger or smaller.
Because they can go, quote,
100% of the container width up
to a maximum of 250 pixels.
And at that point it
stops enlarging those.